Feature/arkode sts (#541)
LLNL/sundials: doc/arkode/guide/source/Usage/LSRKStep/User_supplied.rst

.. ----------------------------------------------------------------
   Programmer(s): Daniel R. Reynolds @ SMU
                  David J. Gardner @ LLNL
   ----------------------------------------------------------------
   SUNDIALS Copyright Start
   Copyright (c) 2002-2024, Lawrence Livermore National Security
   and Southern Methodist University.
   All rights reserved.

   See the top-level LICENSE and NOTICE files for details.

   SPDX-License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause
   SUNDIALS Copyright End
   ----------------------------------------------------------------

.. _LSRKSTEP.Usage.UserSupplied:

User-supplied functions
=============================

Currently, there is only one user-supplied function for LSRKStep (in addition to the :c:type:`ARKRhsFn` arguments that define the IVP).

.. _LSRKStep.Usage.DomEig:

The dominant eigenvalue estimation
----------------------------------

When running LSRKStep with either the RKC or RKL methods, the user must supply a dominant eigenvalue estimation function of type :c:type:`ARKDomEigFn`:

> .. c:type:: int (*ARKDomEigFn)(sunrealtype* t, N_Vector y, sunrealtype* lambdaR, sunrealtype* lambdaI, void* user_data)

Reviewer: Since we plan on adding complex support later with `suncomplextype`, I wonder if we should add `suncomplextype` to `sundials_types.h` now so it can be used in this function (instead of having a `lambdaR` and `lambdaI`). What do you think @gardner48 @drreynolds ?

Author: we need to use this even in the real valued problems, `suncomplextype` might not be appropriate

Reviewer 2: Having a single complex output makes sense to me (I made a similar comment in my pass over the docs)

Reviewer 2: I was thinking that this would always be available. Adding the type should be quick, it only requires adding a few lines to the `sundials_types.h`.

> .. c:type:: int (*ARKDomEigFn)(sunrealtype* t, N_Vector y, sunrealtype* lambdaR, sunrealtype* lambdaI, void* user_data)

Author: I am not sure how the Jacobian function is implemented; however, I anticipate that we should need a function in the type `ARKRhsFn`, which is already provided no matter what. When implemented internally, `ARKDomEigFn` type of a function shouldn't be requested anymore (depending on the nature of the implementation this might still be requested as an initial guess). The statement "the user must supply" seem too strong but it only implies for the current state. When we add this feature, we can modify this statement accordingly.

.. ----------------------------------------------------------------
   Programmer(s): Daniel R. Reynolds @ SMU
                  David J. Gardner @ LLNL
   ----------------------------------------------------------------
   SUNDIALS Copyright Start
   Copyright (c) 2002-2024, Lawrence Livermore National Security
   and Southern Methodist University.
   All rights reserved.

   See the top-level LICENSE and NOTICE files for details.

   SPDX-License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause
   SUNDIALS Copyright End
   ----------------------------------------------------------------

.. _LSRKSTEP.Usage.UserSupplied:

User-supplied functions
=============================

> The user-supplied functions for LSRKStep consist of:
> 
> * at least one function :ref:`defining the dominant eigenvalue of the RHS <LSRKStep.Usage.DomEig>`
>   (required),

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Currently, there is only one user-supplied function for LSRKStep (in addition to the :c:type:`ARKRhsFn` arguments that define the IVP).
```

.. _LSRKStep.Usage.DomEig:

The dominant eigenvalue estimation
----------------------------------

> The user must supply one dominant eigenvalue function of type :c:type:`ARKDomEigFn`:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When running LSRKStep with either the RKC or RKL methods, the user must supply a dominant eigenvalue estimation function of type :c:type:`ARKDomEigFn`:
```

.. ----------------------------------------------------------------
   Programmer(s): Daniel R. Reynolds @ SMU
                  David J. Gardner @ LLNL
   ----------------------------------------------------------------
   SUNDIALS Copyright Start
   Copyright (c) 2002-2024, Lawrence Livermore National Security
   and Southern Methodist University.
   All rights reserved.

   See the top-level LICENSE and NOTICE files for details.

   SPDX-License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause
   SUNDIALS Copyright End
   ----------------------------------------------------------------

.. _LSRKSTEP.Usage.UserSupplied:

User-supplied functions
=============================

> Currently, there is only one user-supplied function for LSRKStep (in addition to the :c:type:`ARKRhsFn` arguments that define the IVP).

Author: This sentence is already referring to the dominant eigenvalue function below.

> Currently, there is only one user-supplied function for LSRKStep (in addition to the :c:type:`ARKRhsFn` arguments that define the IVP).

Reviewer 2: I do not see where this introduction mentions the dominant eigenvalue function. It notes that only the RHS function is required but not that a dominant eigenvalue function is also required with some methods.

> Currently, there is only one user-supplied function for LSRKStep (in addition to the :c:type:`ARKRhsFn` arguments that define the IVP).

Reviewer 3: "in addition to the :c:type:`ARKRhsFn` ..."

> Currently, there is only one user-supplied function for LSRKStep (in addition to the :c:type:`ARKRhsFn` arguments that define the IVP).

Reviewer 2: Yes, something like like.

> Currently, there is only one user-supplied function for LSRKStep (in addition to the :c:type:`ARKRhsFn` arguments that define the IVP).

Reviewer 2: Ah, I see it. I was misreading the sentence. Maybe rephrase as 
```suggestion
In addition to the required :c:type:`ARKRhsFn` arguments that define the IVP, RKL and RKC methods additionally require an :c:type:`ARKDomEigFn`: function to estimate the dominant eigenvalue.
```

.. _LSRKStep.Usage.dom_eig:

The dominant eigenvalue estimation
----------------------------------

When running LSRKStep with either the RKC or RKL methods, the user must supply a dominant eigenvalue estimation function of type :c:type:`ARKDomEigFn`:

> .. c:type:: int (*ARKDomEigFn)(sunrealtype t, N_Vector y, N_Vector fn, sunrealtype* lambdaR, sunrealtype* lambdaI, void* user_data, N_Vector temp1, N_Vector temp2, N_Vector temp3);

Reviewer 3: @david -- this directly conflicts with @Steven-Roberts request that these be added.

I personally like Steven's idea of including them, since the dominant eigenvalue obviously relates to the Jacobian, and this is the list of inputs we provide to users for the corresponding user-supplied routines.

> .. c:type:: int (*ARKDomEigFn)(sunrealtype t, N_Vector y, N_Vector fn, sunrealtype* lambdaR, sunrealtype* lambdaI, void* user_data, N_Vector temp1, N_Vector temp2, N_Vector temp3);

Reviewer 2: I don't think we should pass the temp vectors to the Jacobian function either but that function signature has been around for a long time. I'd prefer that the function signature include only quantities needed to compute the outputs and not extra workspace vectors as well.
